=pod

=head1 NAME

Mojo::Reactor::POE - POE backend for Mojo::Reactor

=head1 SYNOPSIS

  use Mojo::Reactor::POE;

  # Watch if handle becomes readable or writable
  my $reactor = Mojo::Reactor::POE->new;
  $reactor->io($first => sub {
    my ($reactor, $writable) = @_;
    say $writable ? 'First handle is writable' : 'First handle is readable';
  });

  # Change to watching only if handle becomes writable
  $reactor->watch($first, 0, 1);

  # Turn file descriptor into handle and watch if it becomes readable
  my $second = IO::Handle->new_from_fd($fd, 'r');
  $reactor->io($second => sub {
    my ($reactor, $writable) = @_;
    say $writable ? 'Second handle is writable' : 'Second handle is readable';
  })->watch($second, 1, 0);

  # Add a timer
  $reactor->timer(15 => sub {
    my $reactor = shift;
    $reactor->remove($first);
    $reactor->remove($second);
    say 'Timeout!';
  });

  # Start reactor if necessary
  $reactor->start unless $reactor->is_running;

  # Or in an application using Mojo::IOLoop
  use POE qw(Loop::IO_Poll);
  use Mojo::Reactor::POE;
  use Mojo::IOLoop;
  
  # Or in a Mojolicious application
  $ MOJO_REACTOR=Mojo::Reactor::POE POE_EVENT_LOOP=POE::Loop::IO_Poll hypnotoad script/myapp

=head1 DESCRIPTION

L<Mojo::Reactor::POE> is an event reactor for L<Mojo::IOLoop> that uses L<POE>.
The usage is exactly the same as other L<Mojo::Reactor> implementations such as
L<Mojo::Reactor::Poll>. L<Mojo::Reactor::POE> will be used as the default
backend for L<Mojo::IOLoop> if it is loaded before L<Mojo::IOLoop> or any
module using the loop. However, when invoking a L<Mojolicious> application
through L<morbo> or L<hypnotoad>, the reactor must be set as the default by
setting the C<MOJO_REACTOR> environment variable to C<Mojo::Reactor::POE>.

Note that if L<POE> detects multiple potential event loops it will fail. This
includes L<IO::Poll> and L<Mojo::IOLoop> (loaded by L<Mojolicious>) if the
appropriate L<POE::Loop> modules are installed. To avoid this, load L<POE>
before any L<Mojolicious> module, or specify the L<POE> event loop explicitly.
This means that for L<Mojolicious> applications invoked through L<morbo> or
L<hypnotoad>, the L<POE> event loop may also need to be set in the environment.
See L<POE::Kernel/"Using POE with Other Event Loops">.

=head1 EVENTS

L<Mojo::Reactor::POE> inherits all events from L<Mojo::Reactor::Poll>.

=head1 METHODS

L<Mojo::Reactor::POE> inherits all methods from L<Mojo::Reactor::Poll> and
implements the following new ones.

=head2 new

  my $reactor = Mojo::Reactor::POE->new;

Construct a new L<Mojo::Reactor::POE> object.

=head2 again

  $reactor->again($id);
  $reactor->again($id, 0.5);

Restart timer and optionally change the invocation time. Note that this method
requires an active timer.

=head2 one_tick

  $reactor->one_tick;

Run reactor until an event occurs or no events are being watched anymore. Note
that this method can recurse back into the reactor, so you need to be careful.

  # Don't block longer than 0.5 seconds
  my $id = $reactor->timer(0.5 => sub {});
  $reactor->one_tick;
  $reactor->remove($id);

=head2 recurring

  my $id = $reactor->recurring(0.25 => sub {...});

Create a new recurring timer, invoking the callback repeatedly after a given
amount of time in seconds.

=head2 remove

  my $bool = $reactor->remove($handle);
  my $bool = $reactor->remove($id);

Remove handle or timer.

=head2 reset

  $reactor->reset;

Remove all handles and timers.

=head2 timer

  my $id = $reactor->timer(0.5 => sub {...});

Create a new timer, invoking the callback after a given amount of time in
seconds.

=head2 watch

  $reactor = $reactor->watch($handle, $readable, $writable);

Change I/O events to watch handle for with true and false values. Note that
this method requires an active I/O watcher.

  # Watch only for readable events
  $reactor->watch($handle, 1, 0);

  # Watch only for writable events
  $reactor->watch($handle, 0, 1);

  # Watch for readable and writable events
  $reactor->watch($handle, 1, 1);

  # Pause watching for events
  $reactor->watch($handle, 0, 0);

=head1 CAVEATS

When using L<Mojo::IOLoop> with L<POE>, the event loop must be controlled by
L<Mojo::IOLoop> or L<Mojo::Reactor::POE>, such as with the methods
L<Mojo::Reactor::Poll/"start">, L<Mojo::Reactor::Poll/"stop">, and
L</"one_tick">. Starting or stopping the event loop through L<POE> will not
provide required functionality to L<Mojo::IOLoop> applications.

Externally-added sessions will not keep the L<Mojo::IOLoop> running if
L<Mojo::Reactor::POE> has nothing left to watch. This can be worked around by
adding a recurring timer for the reactor to watch.

=head1 BUGS

L<POE> has a complex session system which may lead to bugs when used in this
manner. Report any issues on the public bugtracker.

=head1 AUTHOR

Dan Book, C<dbook@cpan.org>

=head1 COPYRIGHT AND LICENSE

Copyright 2015, Dan Book.

This library is free software; you may redistribute it and/or modify it under
the terms of the Artistic License version 2.0.

=head1 SEE ALSO

L<Mojolicious>, L<Mojo::IOLoop>, L<POE>

=cut
